Readme.md, before:

# :six_pointed_star: Dodecahedron :six_pointed_star:
:page_with_curl: MIT License

:black_nib: Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Sarfati

## :interrobang: What's this?
- A fork of [:rocket: Flask-Diamond](https://flask-diamond.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) web framework, forked for pedagogical purposes.
- Inspired as well by [Sinatra](www.sinatrarb.com) and [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

## :clipboard: Getting started
1. Clone project
```bash
git clone git@github.com:msarfati/dodecahedron.git
```

2. Make the virtual environment
```bash
mkvirtualenv -a . --always-copy dodecahedron
```

3. Install and test
```bash
make install && make db && make test
```

4. Run the server
```bash
make server
```

## :chart_with_upwards_trend: TODO
### Conveniences
- better `dbshell` support

### RESTful API
- [reqparse](https://flask-restful-cn.readthedocs.org/en/0.3.5/reqparse.html) is deprecated, integrate [Marshmallow](https://marshmallow.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
- Auto-generate schemas from models with [Marshmallow-SQLAlchemy](https://marshmallow-sqlalchemy.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)

Commit message:

Design plans for Dodecahedron. User confirmation fixed

Readme.md, after:

# :six_pointed_star: Dodecahedron :six_pointed_star:
:page_with_curl: MIT License

:black_nib: Copyright (c) 2016 Michael Sarfati

## :interrobang: What's this?
- A fork of [:rocket: Flask-Diamond](https://flask-diamond.readthedocs.org/en/latest/) web framework, forked for pedagogical purposes.
- Inspired as well by [Sinatra](www.sinatrarb.com) and [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)

## :clipboard: Getting started
1. Clone project
```bash
git clone git@github.com:msarfati/dodecahedron.git
```

2. Make the virtual environment
```bash
mkvirtualenv -a . --always-copy dodecahedron
```

3. Install and test
```bash
make install && make db && make test
```

4. Run the server
```bash
make server
```

## :chart_with_upwards_trend: Current Direction
### Strong RESTful API Support
- Adhere more strictly to RESTful principles:
    - [*Architectural Styles and the Design of Network-based Software Architectures*](https://www.ics.uci.edu/~fielding/pubs/dissertation/top.htm) by Roy Fielding
    - *RESTful Web APIs* by Leonard Richardson and Mike Amundsen
    - [*REST CookBook*](http://restcookbook.com/)
- RESTful code generation based on models and simplify model creation with generation scripts

#### Implementation Plans
- [reqparse](https://flask-restful-cn.readthedocs.org/en/0.3.5/reqparse.html) is deprecated, integrate [Marshmallow](https://marshmallow.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)
- Auto-generate schemas from models with [Marshmallow-SQLAlchemy](https://marshmallow-sqlalchemy.readthedocs.org/en/latest/)

### Conveniences
- Better `dbshell` support
